fix: persist inputs between the upload action and its post step (#2557)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

- Bump the minimum CodeQL bundle version to 2.14.6. [#2549](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/2549)

> - The upload-sarif action should not break composite actions that have a different set of inputs than the ones expected by upload-sarif. Failure used to appear in the form of: `upload-sarif post-action step failed: Input required and not supplied: token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an issue where the `upload-sarif` Action would fail with "upload-sarif post-action step failed: Input required and not supplied: token" when called in a composite Action that had a different set of inputs to the ones expected by the `upload-sarif` Action. [#2557](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/2557)
```
